# Ying
Ying (Homo accipitridae), their named derived by the Chinese word for Owl "Māotóuyīng", are a post-human species possessing characteristics common to owls. The Ephemeris has no record of the precise origin of the Ying, however historical data combined with information collected from merchants traveling the [[Silk Circuit]] indicate that they were once the leaders of a moderately sized empire of forty thousand worlds, centered sixty-three thousand light-years away that was lost to turn-over approximately two-hundred-fifty thousand years ago
## Appearance
Ying stand at an average height of approximate 153.9 cm (5.04 feet) for a male and 143.1 cm (4.69 feet) for females, and they have a natural lifespan of about forty years, but can on rare occasion live into their eighties. Their arms are slightly longer than a baseline humans with long wings extending from them that presumably allow for flight on low gravity worlds, however on Ragnarok they are flightless and most Ying clip or pluck their flight wings to keep them out of the way. Their bodies are covered in brown and black feathers, they have large stationary eyes and a flat face and beak like an owl, however their necks rotate like a humans. Though the Ying of Ragnarok cannot fly, they are extremely quick and able to see extremely long distances and possess exceptional night vision.
### Clothing and Fashion
Ying nobility is most often seen wearing brightly colored elaborate clothing involving many layers all made by hand. Women are often seen in long elaborate dresses. However outside of their aristocracy, clothing is not heavily relied upon and most Ying will be seen naked, though covered in their feathers, or wearing only simple clothing that may signify status or have functional value.
## Social Structure
Ying hold to a strong hereditary caste system. Their nation states ruled by aristocracy who are above the law and are frequently at war with one another. Though the Perennians have on occasion served as mediators to bring about ends to conflicts and have brought greater stability to the planet as a result, however this is a relative statement as wars are still quite frequent.
### Wealth
Ying society is grossly unequal with the aristocracy living in extreme luxury while everyone else lives in abject poverty. Small tokens of wealth are handed down to servants and soldiers to maintain loyalty and further suppress the masses.
## Religion
Nothing here yet.
## History on Ragnarok
Legend says the untold millennia ago the whole world was engulfed in flame, it is said that even the oceans burned. Their ancestors took shelter in the shadow of the [[Spires of the Gods]] and for a hundred days the sun filled the sky and never set. For another hundred days they remained trapped in the shadow of the the [[Spires of the Gods]] before finally being set free into a desolate land of ash and death.<br>
In the many millennia since, the planet has healed and the Ying have built great kingdoms, subjugating or befriending the other races of Ragnarok. When the Perennians first arrived the Ying believed them to be the ancient gods returning, and were disappointed when told they were not. Some Ying however hold to this myth, believing the Perennians to be the ancient gods, and like any true god, are too modest to admit to their divinity.